= Introduction =

A Shattered World, alternatively known as Asénuve Nakapa or "AN", is a long
time world-building project of mine that I  have been working on and off on
for almost  four years. Throughout  this time,  the project has  changed in
numerous ways. What originally began as an attempt at writing a short-story
became a novel and as the ratio of work done on the world-building compared
to the work done on the story itself began to lean heavily in the direction
of the  former, I  decided to turn  the project  into a what  it is  now: A
world-building project first. But what is "A Shattered World?"

== What is "A Shattered World?" ==

Shattered World is first and foremost the story of a world called "Nakapa",
which  through  a  single  unfortunate  event was  sent  into  a  chain  of
increasingly unfortunate events  that eventually resulted in  it becoming a
barely  habitable  archipeligo  of  countless  floating  islands  scattered
throughout  a  dense,  fog-lik  substance   that  slowly  breaks  down  and
assimilates anything that  stay in it for too long  (bar a few expections).
However,  much  of this  is  unknown  to  the  inhabitants of  Nakapa,  for
knowledge about the past has  largely either been forgotten or purposefully
destroyed in an  attempted revenge against the  "World-Breakers". Still for
the  ease of  explanation  I  usually divide  Nakapa's  history into  three
distinct eras:

1. Pre-Arrivial Nakapa (PAN)
   - Nakapa as it was before the arrival of Puje, first of the shapers.
2. United or Wanderish Nakapa (UN/WN/UWN)
   - Nakapa as it was during the time of the Wanderish empire, when the
     Wanderers ruled all through the land.
3. Post-Shattering Nakapa (PSN)
   - Nakapa in it's current state.

== Plans for the project ==

Currently the  project is undergoing  a major rework  of sorts as  over the
years it has  become rather bloated and disorganized. This  isn't the first
nor  the last  of reworks.  As of  writing this  I am  unsure even  if this
variant will be the  one I decide on. So if you  are reading this document,
then you know the answer to that question.

= Plan for "Releases" =

Currently there is no concrete schedule  or plan for how "releases" of this
project  will be  done. As  of writing  this I  am still  very much  in the
process of figuring things out. But I do have some ideas to it.

== System of Major Releases ==

The "System of Major Releases" -distribution model is mainly inspired by my
love of both  tabletop roleplaying games as well as  MMORPGs. Both of these
utilize a  different, yet similar  method of releasing large  scale content
updates. For example  something like WoW and GW2 have  their expansions and
DnD and Pathfinder have their editions. Despite A Shattered World not being
either of these, ttrpg of mmorpg, using  this format could make sense in my
opinion. In this case the "major releases" would be follow plan like this:

1. I decide on a part of the world that needs to be worked on more.
2. I work on said part.
3. When I feel like I have done enough work, I will release it as a "Major
   Release" of Shattered World.

Unfortunately this system does have its downsides. These come mainly in the
form that I suck  at working on a schedule. Thus  the time between releases
would not be consistent,  there might be a years worth  of silence before I
announce anything.

== System of Routine Releases ==

The "System of Routine Releases" is  something of an opposite to the system
described  above. In  this system  I decide  on a  particular frequency  of
releases  and make  releases according  to that  no matter  how unfinished,
work-in-progress or disorganized the content  is. As such this method WOULD
result  in more  frequent updates,  but would  also subject  people to  the
disorganized mess that is my process of working on things. In the beginning
this might  be the better  option, but as things  become more worked  on, a
transition to the System of Major Releases might make more sense.

= Why the format? =

I attempt to keep all my work  as inexlusive to a particular format, device
or other thing  that may at some  point become obselete. As of  the time of
writing this, the  plain text format (.txt) is  almost universally accepted
and I do  not expect it to  change anytime soon, and as  plain text doesn't
rely on formatting in anyway (not even the simple ways of markdown or other
markup languages)  no software for  rendering such formats is  needed. Thus
the hope of utilizing  plain text as my default format  is that nobody will
be  unable to  view the  content regarless  of the  device they  are using.
Furthermore, I  hope that the  choice of  utilizing local files  instead of
something hosted on a website is able to circumvent difficulties in:

1. getting a server to host it on,
2. having to rely on a service provider that may at any moment choose to
   stop providing their service,
3. making ability to see the content difficult for people with bad internet
   connections. Thus if one has good enough of a connection to download the
   file, they can read it as they please.

Unfortunately  though,  none of  these  listed  potentials are  guarenteed.
Neither is  that .txt (or  the UTF-8 encoding) won't  at some point  in the
future become an obselete format.

= License =

Asénuve Nakapa (A Shattered World) © 2021 by Ikoinufe Eivuhekoi is licensed
under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike  4.0 International. To view a
copy of this license, visit https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
