= Language rework of "A shattered world" =

In  some of  the entries  in  this project,  you have  probably seen  words
written in a language that is clearly not English. The language these words
are written  in is  an old  conlang (constructed  language) of  mine called
"Avát" which  I created a few  years ago for  this very project, but  for a
while now I have  been thinking of doing a language  rework. This is mainly
because I feel  that Avát, as my  first ever proper conlang,  should not is
unfit to  the represent this  project since in all  honesty it is  a rather
poorly made  language. It fails in  various ways but the  most important of
them for  me (in the  context of  this project) is  that it fails  in being
naturalistic. It  was created in a  vacuum, during a time  when the project
was in a very  different state when there were no  other species beside the
wanderers, for whom  it was created. And  I know that most  people wont see
these unnaturalistic elements or the other  reasons why I feel that Avát is
unfit  to  be the  language  representing  A  Shattered World.  However,  I
personally see it and  as A Shattered World is very  much a passion project
of mine, I feel it needs to be changed.
    At first I tried to shift it to  be a lingua france, or a common tongue
for communication between  speakers of different languages.  This was still
during  a  time when  I  was  formatting this  project  as  it if  were  an
encyclopedia written  in universe. However, the  unnaturalistic elements of
the language still continued to irk me even then.

== The plan to fix the languages of Nakapa ==

What I  am calling  my plan  to fix  the languages  of Nakapa  involves the
creation  of  two seperate  languages  which  are  to acts  as  "beginning"
languages for the rest  of the languages in the project. I  am not sure how
many languages the project  will have in the end, but I  am also not aiming
for a specific  number sicne I know that  if I try to set a  number it will
most likely one that is unrealistically high. Currently it is only going to
be two full-languages and a skeleton descendant of one of them which I will
use for naming things.


=== Shaperian ===

The first  of these languages  will be Shaperian,  or at least  the variant
spoken by Puje. For this language I  want it to embody the character I want
to  convey  with Puje.  This  being  that  Puje  was extremely  focused  on
order. Thus I  want the Shaperian to be and  extremely regular language, to
the point of boring
    My main methodology for choosing  aspects of the language is reporpused
from   a  another   recently  started   project  of   mine:  "The   Average
Language". The Averange  Language was something I started  as an experiment
of seeing what kind of language one would  get if they were to take all the
most common features of languages. To do this I was recommended the website
"World Atlas  of Language Structures" (WALS),  on which I will  check every
listed feature and pick  the variant that is the most  average, or in other
words the features which are the most common. My hope in doing this is that
a methodology like this will create a language that is itself regular, with
a side  effect of the  language potentially being  a little bland.  This is
sort of important  as in honesty Puje  is meant to be a  critique of people
who want control everything and have it as they see fit, which in the realm
of artistic expression causes blandness.

